# Parser - OpenFlights
## Implementation:
The Parser reads in the airports.dat file and the routes.dat file to generate a Graph structure. We do this by processing each line of the airports and routes file. We split the line into a vector using a comma as a delimiter in order to seperate different attributes in the CSV format. Since we know the layout of the CSV file we can extract the name, 3 digit code, the longitude and the latitude of each airport. We can fill this data into our Vertex struct and insert this newly processed Vertex in the graph. For the routes file, we similarly process each line, splitting the line into a vector using a comma as a delimiter, to obtain the source and destination. We simply add an edge using the Graph class between the appropriate Verticies. We also implemented a function which computes the distance between 2 latitude and longitude locations using the Haversine formula. We use this calculated distance as the weight of that edge.

## Findings:
There were a couple of challenges we ran into as we developed this Parser. One challenge was that splitting the lines in the airports file using a comma did not guarantee that we obtain a vector of attribution from the CSV. For example, multiple lines had a comma embedded in the name value of the airport. This would cause our string to double conversion to fail. We compensateed for this by using a try and catch statement which allows us to work around conversion exceptions. A couple of findings I noticed was there were alot of military airbases in this data file which did not have a standard 3 digit code, we skipped these airports to only consider commercial airports. Futhermore, in the routes file, we noticed that a couple of airports referenced in the routes file, were not contained in the airports file. This led us to presume 
that either the airports or the routes file were outdated.
